Paneer butter masala recipe: Taken from: http://www.vegrecipesofindia.com/paneer-butter-masala/


Ingredients:

1. 200 or 250 gms paneer/cottage cheese, cubed or diced
2. 2 tbsp cashew - soaked if you have time and then ground with some water to a smooth paste. if less time, then just grind the cashews to a smooth paste.
3. 4-5 medium size tomatoes/tamatar - pureed
4. 1 or 2 green chili/hari mirch, slit (reserve a few for garnishing)
5. 1 inch ginger/adrak and 3-4 garlic/lahsun - crushed or ground in a mortar & pestle
6. 1 inch ginger/adrak - julienned (reserve a few for garnishing)
7. 1 bay leaf/tej patta
8. 1 tsp kasuri methi/dry methi leaves
9. 1 tsp garam masala or tandoori masala
10. ½ tsp red chili powder/lal mirch powder or deghi mirch or kashmiri mirch powder
11. 1 tbsp oil + 1 or 2 tbsp butter
12. 1.5 cups water
13. A few coriander/cilantro/dhania leaves for garnishing (optional)
14. Salt and sugar as required - check notes below for adding sugar

Instructions:
1. Heat oil and butter in a pan. add bay leaf and fry for some 10-15 seconds or till the oil become fragrant.
2. Add ginger-garlic paste and fry till the raw aroma disappears.
3. Add the tomato puree and stir well. add red chili powder after 2-3 mins and stir again. saute till the oil starts to leave the sides of the tomato paste.
4. Add cashew paste and stir well. saute the cashew paste till the oil begins to leave the sides of the masala paste.
5. Add water and stir. simmer on a low flame.
6. Add julienned ginger and green chilies, salt and sugar and simmer till the curry begins to thicken.
7. Add the paneer cubes and cook them for 2-3 minutes till they become soft.
8. Don't cook for a long time as the paneer will become dense.
9. Lastly add crushed kasuri methi/dry fenugreek leaves & garam masala. stir.
10. Garnish paneer butter masala with coriander leaves. serve paneer butter masala hot with plain naan, garlic naan, rotis or steamed basmati or jeera rice. side accompaniments can be onion-lemon salad or some pickle.
